# Wallace and gromet
[Music]
forever I eat the moon what
you know the
of
today the is saory
pay me head to your
Carriage I'll be your entertainment
for dreams
[Music]
painting I just be the one F just and
it's all fashion ail for
trickle your
[Music]
every
the you know
the
[Music]
right do it
again to them
[Music]
bre cop
pinging painting
[Music]
you know how we do it what
d
[Music]
he
the think going to late
again I'll
home going when the element loyalty
can't wait
why I fall
as
[Music]
down do today
up
[Music]
we
d
I meant to I unmuted on Discord instead
of instead of uh
stream I said oh my God it's [__]
delivery let this one play out
[Music]
I need to make more I need to make Tails
from Equestria too
oh I get
it the song samples
a Dunkey prank call
y'all let's make a let's make a bedroom
pop
album in 2025
I wish I remembered what that percussion
sound is
the do I still have the project is the
question
do I still have the project for this
okay now I'll release
baddy hello
baddy so
true let me screen share as well I want
to see if I have the project for
delivery is that first stream
delivery.
ALS could it be could it
be what if it's like straight up
not it
is see media files are missing
[Music]
hey you give me a winner
Pizza
get so what is that percussion that
sound it's just this
sound just like a rim shot pitch
down what's the full
thing that's the full sound right
there pitch down to be
this that's so
[Music]
interesting and this piano
is the piano I played but I turn it into
into an audio file so I could like chop
[Music]
it what does this sound like without all
the pro there's like three there's two
OTS on this
[Music]
it's so silly
sounding it's really not
complicated it's piano a drum and perk
and then this Jazz thing this
thing some noise and then just the
talking that's it there's a lot it looks
like there's a lot of tracks here but
there really
[Music]
isn't technically it's 1 two 3 four five
six seven eight tracks this is a
volon but okay that's interesting never
knew um to chosing Pizza how can I help
you this morning is this Pizza Hut yes
it is more like pizza butt stup youb ass
gotta and I better get my damn pizza too
I'm pretty sure I made this song in like
minutes
anyway how is everyone today we're we're
gaming uh sorry a little bit more space
in between streams because I've just
been working more and doing stuff
uh which is like I know I know that's
like [__] why why why why but like yeah
um getting a lot of progress on all the
projects I'm working on right now
and just working
on things here and
there uh just did an interview with uh
artist ninny and
anina and uh that'll go up Friday I
think shout out
I'm so sniffly baddy I think the Spore
you're I'm catching your
spores uh also I don't hold on I going
to show plug nart we made we made a new
Shadow
character very nice I'll show plug
nart new new I guess new shadow new new
Shadow that's why that's why I spent
today the start of today doing is a we
made plug nart I'll show your plug I'll
show everyone's plug nart fan
art she's kind of
awesome she loves uh loves drugs which
is
great um and then everyone start draw
like on M started drawing pluged
art there's the azy one
nice there's the Dex one
nice there's the bug one was so
cute bad Run's so gooded this is
crazy and B run is crazy don't worry
about the words it's
fine there's soy one nice very
good so it today was plug nart day we
love plug nart
so that was that was today um all right
let's let's see if I know how let's see
do I know Viet Pony
music oh it's no matter what but which
one is
it is this the 2020
one cuz that Bas plug feels really clean
and not like
resonant I I
don't oh no it's no matter about 202
2013 I think or is it 2014 I think he
matter about
2014 okay damn it I don't think we've
ever gotten 2014 on stream
before is this hyperian
I can spell hi I can
spell
okay the yak song
easy how to kill a
monster great
noise could it be every little thing she
does
no oh
intermission where's Shad her favorite
image is here hold
on hold on I I'll I'll see if I show
this so to those who don't know uh there
is there is this like fake record label
that's like been re-uploading my music
to like Spotify and [__] under like
different names and different like
artist [__] and it's really annoying cuz
it's like made it a little bit difficult
to upload stuff to SoundCloud
occasionally like when I was first
working on the daybreaker remix um I got
copyright struck for for it sounding too
much like the original daybreaker
because this this record label like
re-uploaded daybreaker under a different
name I had to like tell SoundCloud no
it's my song Here's the proof they stole
it Etc ET Etc um but what's funny is
this this fake record label [__] up
and like accidentally reuploaded one of
my own songs to my own
Spotify like I like reuploaded it to my
own Spotify under my own name and it was
specifically intermission from Love
Letters
colorless and it just shows up like
this and it's literally just
this and I tried to get it removed from
Spotify but when I when I got this
removed it also removed all of colorless
the album it removed the entire
album So currently I don't know what to
do about this
I've been asking tons of different
people and no one has an answer for me
but regardless [__] there's a point
where Shad started like spamming the
image a [__] ton like she became very
fixated because she found she went and
found the stock photo that they used for
this re-upload and she was like going
crazy she she was like going crazy over
it
this about
that but she she was she was going crazy
over
this not to brag but this is what I look
like so why did I bring this
up I don't know why I brought this up I
mean it is intermission but but yeah
there's that
great there was a part of me that was
like wanted to like release a limited
edition CD with that stock photo and
like be like it's just intermission just
like claim it like oh you guys like like
you guys tried to steal my music but
also we could make this like really
funny and like like [__] [__] with you
and like make it a whole
thing hi
Danny okay but there's
that let's
uh do this backlog here
a fulminated
Mercury uh hush right wait no carrying
child why did I oh
man I have wait no it is hush I'm right
I'm a [__]
[__] I get that wrong it was free
Invasion uh dream Library
that was
free okay unfortunately I don't know
which one this
is
[__] this doesn't burn well
what is this
I'm
I don't
know it's not absence of comfort is it
no it's not it's wrong key
this is this one's
frustrating could it be could it be
queen of missfits something from Queen
of
Misfits is it shelter destinies
[Applause]
no oh my God I
symmetrica what part of isometrica is
this
huh what part of isometrica is
that sing a song about life
[Music]
you're not a waste of space you're good
you made me this
wayp to this
[Music]
[Applause]
I and your hell I'm so much out here you
[__] with me cuz I could shove it in
your face that I didn't your mama ever
teach you how to write a letter I was at
a funeral trying to make you feel
[Music]
it wasn't
that
[Music]
what I'm like really confused
whatever that's going to kill me for a
while
sure it says I got that right because I
got right before the final hint but that
feels counts as wrong to me cuz that
should have been
getable
oh death of all
magic the death of all magic
nice height
lines Invasion
again uh uh uh
I'm a bit of a
spider
sorry it's a mystery to
me okay that one we got all all of them
right oh arcades
okay base cannon
[Music]
it's that I don't remember the name of
the
song it was
uh Moonfire
[Music]
eclipse the Colossus fairy tales back to
back
Strange World nice
sailing
away
what guys we might lose
what is
this okay thank thank thank thank what
has a high hat like that
this is weird am I getting
trolled these feel like two different
songs oh man what is this
[__]
um that high hat tells
me probably prob 2017 through
2019 that pad I don't
recognize I think it's seductive Turtle
astute observation
Carousel actually you could be
right Rea monologue before
Hyperion no it's the wrong key for
that Carousel is like the best yes so
far I think
putting Carousel in my head right
now it the harmonic signatures I'm
picking up from these two
samples could fit within the harmonic
structure of Carousel the
song I still don't know
I'm I'm going to say
carouso come here
come am I getting [__] trolled
genuinely no I hear it no I hear it no I
hear it in my head I hear it in my head
yeah the Pat is from this
part and that high hat well I was right
2017 ooh wow
okay to be fair this is like my one of
my least favorite songs on the whole Al
and lus record so
wow
wow that was that was that was
tough well done
that's that
wow okay we fully lost that one
nice and that's dream
stage um my letter to the
princess that should be
free okay it's it's this is clearly a
queen of mes but I don't know which one
it
is okay this is upsetting
um this is pissing me off
I don't
know okay uh
Nomad
there
[__] Danny you even did the art for NAD
that's the funny
part cool
cool cool well
that was
p and that's
me very satisfying to see all these
completed
though 117 yeah I'm never going to live
down camia that was crazy that was
[__] crazy
dude okay let's Mo this over here to my
other screen and then let's get
gaming the chamia incident of 2025
[Music]
cool why is arya's head in the toilet
stop asking questions
inscription spotted funny cuz I didn't
even play that I didn't even play a
description on Playstation I played on
PC I don't I don't remember where we
left
off big ass [__] game
let's get
gaming in other news um I think I only
have five more songs I need to demo for
11 Pony step and then I can start finish
all the songs one by
one very excited for
that a lot of work ahead of us I got
that I got some other projects I'm
working on I have the babscon stuff to
do and then you can start screaming
Danny I don't know if we figured out
what have we figured out what song
you're on
cuz you were going to do something on a
song I
think dog CS hello
boy do you want to be on the same one
with Necco
oh that's right I was retrieving my
horse after some
situation yeah the Hosea thing is the
main thing it looks like does Bill
want bill needs to speak with
you
[Music]
um I guess we got to get back to
roads that's what we wanted to
do Bill wants to talk to me about my
car's extended warranty you
mean puppy
this one's
drunk vampires and Sant
they dare you come over here what's this
going to [__]
be I'm in a real bind this Beller he's
in a bad way you got to help me I'll pay
you okay okay calm down where is he he
is inside upstairs come with me I'll
show
you this feels like bad news I don't
know how to explain
it she's going to jump me
dude straight home from the it was me or
him I swear hell is this I got to clean
this room can you get rid of him please
I'll give you all the money I got
bastard started beating on me choking me
he was a demon in human
shape Jesus well guess he had it coming
yes yes he did so will you help
me uh I came this far okay I'll get rid
of them you got to help me please
so how do I do
this I haven't
like I I haven't hidden a body before in
this game I haven't felt the need to oh
it's not letting me save scum oh it's
not letting me save scum
okay I'm begging you I can't do this I'm
shaking like a
leaf I must really be losing my mind
this time you know there's a pig pen not
too far just dump the body in there and
they'll eat them up in no timeis
won go feed the pig
yet why can't I crouch while I'm holding
this also I hope you feel better d
where are they
let's go boy
hey good
[Music]
god oh
[__] well that sucks
[Music]
why' you kill that guy instead of saying
I didn't I'm just going to say it
because it was
[Music]
funny wa you you okay
boy guess I'll pay my
thing if you would give me a minute
please clear the is right up for you
look going to do for
you
thanks let's just get back to roads dude
hope you have a good trip
[Music]
hurry it up bro
my horse yats better be
[Music]
here of course
yes puppy hey boy hey boy
right
morning sir good morning
sir good morning passers ating this
service it is now available to
board Warner good morning to
you wait your turn almost
done wait your turn I caught some Repro
bait shambling around my backyard
yesterday went straight to the
law to start DR
are you coming over here or
what well hello again I got another one
you interested oh
thanks how's things Alden good all right
this is a little different different
take the coach and deliver it to my
contact he'll pay you well for it it's a
fragile cargo so go easy okay but the
money best be right oh it is Arthur I
promise it's very
right all right let's take a look at
this and how are things with you
dear fine and dandy good for
you some gay shit's going on
guys boy
boy all right where are we
going all right let's kill people
yeah make a mod where he stop saying boy
never easy boy
hey there I've been scratching the
ground
today roow talking to
himself how you doing
[Music]
boy that's my
boy I thought those were beavers that's
turkey
[Music]
yep
tow up now
[Music]
[__] he's going for the
a it's uncanny how easy it that
where's my
[Music]
hat
hello oh
d
[Music]
here
yeah waa Who whoo whoo whoo whoo
whoo wa
I kind of didn't realize until just now
you can make your horse follow like this
son of a
[__]
[__] nice wa they never felt comfortable
in the
F that was really funny
[Music]
good
morning good
morning am I going to get in
trouble
pleas got something here for you
they're a war on I don't know about how
the hell you get it so beat up here you
go now how much money was
that
$40 where is my horse
hello what
what that
you know what here's what I'll say I
don't really know if this is like the
greatest guy in the universe in this
barn but nothing he could have done
would be bad enough to make him asmin
gold I'll just tell you
that be be be so kind remember be gentle
be kind remember that remember what the
huntress said etc etc
etc forward forward for it for it for it
for it forward for tough Ford tough for
tough for tough for tough for
tough
[__] there we go oh wow that took some
effort
can I ride the deer that would be
fun Smoke Stack I love investigating the
Smoke
[Music]
Stacks interesting tree
hey
there
we we go in the back and come out the
back and we're going back on ourselves
front back sideways dress up as Halls
make a damn
decision all right I got it I got it we
go in the back and then send you out
front to meet the
deputy all right okay hold on a sec
that's going to get my toes curled up
you got a problem with that cuz you're
in the wrong gang if you do I don't have
a problem with getting curled up I'd
just rather not call yourself a man more
than a man than you ever
was all right you too yell I guess we
get back to planning then you got us a
plan yet or you just letting out gas
with your heart
we ain't got a plan we're just going to
wait everyone buned down for the
night I said f down all right all right
I heard you
what in
go we won't have time to bury you here
we're on the
run alris will s
you oh they're ald driscolls I
[Music]
see I'm going to be
Dr was
you oh my God look it's an actual blood
bath get
it a [__]
never in a month of
Sunday what
was we'll
[Music]
see you lay down
[__] quick scope here we
go oh come
on that is about a quick
scope I guess that
[Music]
counts yeah sure that
counts I'll take it
I love
littering was there a purpose for this
cuz like I don't feel like there's a lot
of stuff here for me
I just killed him for some crackers I
mean we all know crackers aren't worth
that
much all right well
my pupp
here I want to go look at that
[Music]
tree there
boy I want the I want the that double
barrel shotgun out yeah you're all right
there boy just feeling like
[Music]
it oh stay there
boy you okay
boy oh
dear storms up
ruin that appeared out of
nowhere easy now
[Music]
out
[Applause]
[Music]
was this the Wallflower equation
stepping on gra now they won't mind
they're
dead it'll take more than that boy wait
a minute there I need to have a word
with you calm down
will Le side may be small but it's still
a working farm mind
yourself sorry now I'll stop stop it
now come on
pal this is a warning clear on out of
here
yep you're a good boy so no idea what
that was
about yeah storm disappeared immediately
where are
we I don't know what that
says Lar
sod I don't know what that
means
um learned son Peak
English uh I know we're trying to get
back to roads
H I guess we'll just we'll just head on
back
and see what we come
[Music]
across how you doing boy I really like
how unpredictable the open world is
[Applause]
am prisoner in The Still Water jail
is listen up you get the hell away from
here and stay there just get out of here
damn
it that's right just walk away
what is it where people in the camps are
always
mad
yeah some to say
hi that's it boy
canonically do they know you or are you
just saying that
what's this
hair
up what was that
[Applause]
oh
[Music]
well I don't want to use Dynamite
so time to go boy so it's time to go
boy
hey
go my dog
yeah you're a strong one
boy
yeah is this another one for the
books
[__]
whoa there we go
Storm's back
[Music]
you stay right there and don't move you
got a bullet coming you don't stop still
this here is a hold up you know what to
do why don't you stretch your legs
huh okay
okay all right you son [__] hands up
this is a
[Music]
robbery boy have fun yet
ah any requests for the undertak
damn if only my [__] dead eyee was
filled
out that would have been a lot faster
and cleaner
okay fell
[Music]
we're drunk
now um we want to
do and then we want to eat food
hey partner hey mister
[Music]
hey okay there
who are
you it's me Mr Morgan to what do we owe
the
pleasure to what do we owe the pleasure
I live
here easy easy
G Mr
Smith hello
Arthur how are you Mr Morgan
talk to Lenny ah okay got some weapons
you could
sell all right well I should be getting
on all right Mr
Morgan
know you're
just of opening your m
you're probably
right you
know you know always had the most
incredible way of putting things Mr
a hello he's got the biggest pockets in
the universe
well you're
amazing there he is woo
Arthur woo
Arthur you
that must be my Ford F150
know bring me something soon if you can
Arthur I will you don't strike me as an
idiot sorry got nothing for you right
now Mr Morgan bring me some materials
and I'll be glad to make something nice
to you
make
I things
how are you
doing how do I get a perfect Pelt
remember you won't find something like
this anywhere
else
well okay thanks Mr Pearson Arthur don't
forget I'm more than happy to craft you
something if you bring me the right
materials haven't received anything from
you in a while Morgan all right
Pearson don't you overcook this now
[Music]
Pearson well done Mr
Morgan many thanks Mr
Morgan hello Mr
Morgan yep I know
up
Riv
up what is with
you get yourself cleaned up come on
pathetic you a man of a
cloth away with you
what is going on well oh it's Reverend I
was like what the [__] is going on oh
hello hi he he's just like
this all right let's move the
sacks you know what to do
it's like we're feeding an army
here oh no more s
gaml
fascinating so what do you think of this
place not bad nice to be by the water
yeah it'll do for
now Mrs Ed hi
Arthur okay you want to join me here
Arthur keeping everyone
entertained well I do my
best all good I hope y sure how you walk
around so sad I'm not sad
just
bored board's good bo means you ain't
scared be grateful for being bored lady
soon enough you're going to be scared
when I was a little girl I guess I hope
for I don't know well I used to dream I
see you fine people we all Dreamed a
lot then we grew into
women saw what the world was for us how
little it values
us
guess cheer
up smile try to forget about
things okay
either that or start praying real hard
if you're so bored nobody's stopping you
getting out there making some money gsha
is don't listen to
her okay I'll catch you later then okay
no more drunk it would seem by the way
drunk is cancelled
Arthur we need to talk to
you always good to
see Hey
Arthur what is
it we got something cooking you might be
interested in am I going to like the
sound of this been cooking since
horseshoe but you went and kicked up all
that commotion in Valentine now we was
preparing to rob the bank there until
you got involved in all that nonsense
and why did it say Sodom gomorra
something
oh I don't know I just feel like it's
unfinished business that wasn't my fault
it was just one of them things How come
every time I get in trouble I'm called a
fool and an idiot but when you get in
trouble oh it's just one of them things
it's a good point Authur a very good
point all right well what do y'all want
me to do hit the goddamn bank with
us you really think it's worth going
back there four of us can hit the bank
easy but I ain't going to lie to you
there will be law if we linger and if
you're serious no just local boys being
rounded up and pressed into action
meaning if we go in quick and quiet we
can hit it just fine if there's four of
us I mean
y'all think it's worth the risk it's a
bank Arthur so is the take good
according to the fellow I met yes it's
the end of the stock sales plenty of
money and plenty of people Milling
about all right I suppose it's worth
taking a look at least we should wait
until the morning in any case I need to
change out of these Rags if I'm going to
be performing okay so Bill it's better
be worth oh it is we put a lot of
research into this one I hope
so all right let's
go Mr
Morgan that man the data Thomas DS
apparently he's dead dead huh well he
didn't seem very well his wife I believe
he has a wife and child she will assume
the debt of course of course then you
can head up there in collect we lent
them a lot of money okay Gentlemen let's
go rob ourselves a bank what's the plan
now oh we're going to send Karen on in
ahead as a distraction then we're just
going to rush on in afterwards just a
small Bank in a little town nothing that
big in way of
security we just need to bring you along
as a insurance policy yeah sounds about
right okay let's move out big
horse big horse
[Music]
don't Rob
bankl don't listen to zero Str do what
you want with your life can't go wrong
plan of yours oh it can go wrong
anything can once the shooting starts
well that's
reassuring like I said we'll see how it
looks if we can get in all right we'll
send Miss Jones ahead to the bank they
won't recognize her I'll show you boys
how it's done what are you thinking this
time I don't know fell always like lost
little girl but nobody plays a drunken
Harlot quite like me these should work
once she's got them distracted we'll
move in when I was scouting the place
the other day there was only a couple of
guards we deal with with them and any
customers who are feeling brave and you
always fancy yourself as the Vault man
right Arthur now I see why you brought
me hey I'm more than willing nah best I
do it oh and did Dutch tell you I've
also been cooking up some deals with
them gray boys what no what kind of
deals see you don't realize Morgan I'm
out there putting in the work same as
you I've been drinking with them a
couple times now seems they're looking
for some extra security yeah I'm sure
they are could be something in it for us
well just be smart about it we got a lot
of IRS in that fire right now yes I know
Morgan glad you and Lenny are along for
this Karen someone's got to keep you
boys out out of trouble I ain't sure
even Lenny can be relied on to keep his
head not after that night you two had in
Valentine yeah I've been trying to
forget that what little I remember of it
you've always been a bad drunk and
before you say it I know takes one to no
one guess we'll never learn and Bill
ain't much better so should we stop for
some whiskey how about we wait till
after the bank all right
bet you didn't think we'd end up over
this way so what's going on with these
two families the graay and whatever the
other ones called it's more Dutch and
Jose's thing an old Feud they're trying
to get in the middle of if it plays
right they reckon we can get some gold
out of it never can resist a scam those
to Dutch already managed to get us
deputized we got the biggest price on
our heads west of Chicago and now we're
working for the law I'm sure he knows
what he's doing so far spent a lot of
fancy talking from him and josea while I
do all the dirty work just like the old
days something like that
so how are you feeling about this Lenny
well at first I thought it was a bad
idea but then I figured they all Al you
think about them long enough certainly
have been recently I mean why the hell n
roll with it I just told him we needed
you along I appreciate the confidence
kid and if we didn't Rob this bank we
really would be slipping talk like that
and you're one of us no doubt sure hope
so all right guess we're doing this
then another bank Miss Jones been a
while Hey Arthur remember that bank in
Tucson all them years ago you me and
Javier of course how can I
forget the none Thou shalt not steal a
habit from the local Convent whose idea
was that I forget I just know the guards
were searching everyone on the way in
for guns except for sweet sister Karen
two shotguns and a pistol you had under
your
skirt I'm surprised you could even walk
that was a good take too if I remember
right it was and apart from that one FEA
you shot in the knee nobody got hurt if
only they all went like that
passing you after you you did well with
that gang and Shady Bell yeah thanks and
I heard the rest of them have moved on
from there now so we must have sent
enough of a
message that will have to wait we're
here let's take it nice and
easy come coming past
[Music]
sure good morning howy
okay let's leave the horses here off the
main
draft all right gentlemen here we are
okay get
ready sk's just kissing down okay go to
work of course
all right keep it cool and follow me
fellas so we never decided is it lost
little girl you want or the drunken
Harlot of course you know I like the
Harlot you're the only one you're a
bunch of filthy sinners in the
Heartbreakers lot you now where is
he if you're ready get going good luck
gentlemen we got
this where is he where is he have you
seen him I really think you should leave
Madam I'm not leaving till I find him
okay we're going no hold on wait till
she's got real D you don't know me I'm
stuck up in here not so goddamn stuck up
last night sorry just between us I've
never seen this woman in my life get
your godamn hands up this is a goddamn
robbery nobody move don't hurt us nobody
move don't make us hurt you here unlock
the
door it's unlocked we're good
oh you think where at the come
on open the godamn vault open
it too
slow how's it going in there too slowly
you better get that door open right now
I'm nearly there
Don't Make Me Hurt
You To God damn
slow shut a [__] hurry up come
on okay
[Music]
yeah all
good I'm in someone come make sure the
sh behaves himself in here come
here open the lock boxes
now
I the manager does that I God damn it
now what guess I'll crack them or blow
them up keep an eye out I'll be as quick
as I
can yeah I think I should be able to
crack these oh right but you better be
quick you shut the hell up and stay
still
[Music]
[Applause]
hey still if I see that leg move again
you get a
[Music]
bullet hurry up in there how much time
you think we got I don't know not much
taking too long
how are you getting on going as fast as
I can this is slower but it's quiet okay
I hear people out there me too boys you
need to move this
along hey watch him there don't worry I
see
him I'll go check the front
please let me go I won't say nothing I
swear shut the hell up and stay where
you are how's it looking
there good told you don't count your
chickens just
yet how's it going there we're getting
there few more minutes
[Music]
that's another one cleared this is
looking good how much longer nearly
there lot of money okay you reckon
that's enough now maybe it's never
enough well I am ready to get the hell
out of here whenever you are
last one good we got to move
[Music]
I
think I think we're fine come on I'll
lead the way let's go
everybody stay
calm all of you count to 100 and keep
your mouth shut you understand
me damn that went a little too smoothly
I'm
[Music]
scared was like the easiest activity in
the game
body around the back and look over
there okay
well just don't hurt my [__] horse
okay all
right ride get the hell out of here
[Music]
where the hell are they coming from
you see any more of
[Music]
them they're still coming
we got more coming
[Music]
look out
come on get across got to beat that
train
Morgan all right
I think we lost thank you gentlemen that
was stupid and dangerous thank you Bill
we're alive and we're PID I don't see
the problem yeah and that is the problem
still this is a very good take thought
you'll be happy even if it did come with
a heap of trouble ah it was fun well
maybe you're right now go on get out of
here I have some other business to
attend to don't head directly back to
camp and make sure you ain't
followed
okay this is
[Applause]
Downs how much I even get with from
that oh I didn't
get doesn't show it yet yeah
yeah you all right there
boy Bounty
$5 for all that
[Music]
$5 to steal $10,000 from the
bank so
awesome yeah
[Music]
you okay
boy can't afford about it you you took
all the
moneyy there boy
[Music]
this is the greatest horse of all time
by the way it'll take more than that boy
[Music]
okay there
boy
y easy boy
[Music]
this should be interesting
you okay
[Music]
boy my husband's not cold in the ground
and you come back here Archie I nearly
paid off what was owed your husband knew
the rules when he took that money now
I'm real sorry about the way things
turned out but he had a choice ain't my
fault about the way the world is he
didn't have a choice
he was good and he did good there wasn't
no choice in that and you as good as
killed him yourself and don't kid
yourself you had a choice you speak as
if killing was something I cared about
you ever wonder about eternity you
should I hope it's hot and terrible Mrs
TOS otherwise I'll feel I've been sold a
false bill of goods now please give me
that
money either you got a lazy eye or lack
of respect respect which is it boy I
ain't got no lazy eye no respect for the
lacks of you well maybe when your
mother's finished mourning your father
I'll keep her in black on your behalf
you think on that boy well maybe you
shall sir and maybe other events will
transpire you better stick to them books
because mark my words on this vengeance
is an idiot's game I'm Mrs DS thank you
for your punctuality it's Next to
Godliness isn't it that's Clint in this
I'll have to take your word on
that good
day
[Music]
don't dude come on
like like
no yeah Locus people go ahead it's all
you all you all
you the hell man why is that scripted
why is it still on my
screen I just patted it too
can we get an instant replay of that
please sir and maybe other events will
transpire you better stick to them books
because mark my words on this vengeance
is an idiot's game our Mrs DS thank you
for your punctuality it's Next to
Godliness isn't it that's cleanliness
I'll have to take your word on
that good day
come on
man
okay like
okay uh uh sin squ x multiplied by co co
cosecant squ X is
one I think
right it's like one or
two is it actually scripted I don't
think
so [__] D is dead your dock is dead
because of this cut scene
[Music]
dude don't you dare drive off the
[__] cliff by the
[Music]
way that's actually so funny
oh your husband just
died you're do old yell is the sequel
Old Yeller the
sequel that horse just spawned
in
$220,000 that was more than $10,000
can we can we do the uh can we do the
calculation
here
18502 2025
inflation
$20,000 okay just give me the [__]
number oh
this is not
helpful let just give me a random
[__] number like
thanks
okay we're by
350,000 hold on
oh it's like almost a million dollars
okay that's what it's telling
me yeah
$800,000 not too bad good
evening like your new home I won't miss
that that other place that's for sure
keep your nose clean so we got $22,900
on
that evening Mr Morgan you like the new
camp Reverend oh yes we moved didn't
God help
us you okay
evening Lenny
Arthur they are doing their jobs rest of
us we should hang our heads and
chain they remembered to rob the goddamn
Bank in
Valentine is the Bounty still
$5 oh now it's $20 come on
now rest of us rest of us our slipping
it was fun going out and working with
you
Arthur I've seen too many friends get
killed to see is quite so
fun well i' rather be shot for an outlaw
than hang for a
thief reckon it's about the same in the
end maybe anyway it was fun sure
hi
[Music]
bug bat's here stay away from me but I
got a t that's exactly what I'm afraid
of oh it's a goodie I'm telling you it
always is with you then we end up
heading in burn and barn getting shot at
you're a sad man Arthur Morgan sad man
indeed
Mrs sad man
[Music]
indeed you heard about the bank at
Valentine yeah sounds like it went very
well good work Arthur uh Bill Karen and
Lenny put it together
[Music]
[Applause]
oh [__]
[Music]
[Applause]
That's my
[Music]
[Applause]
boy okay
[Music]
cocaine the donator
you've been up to much have
you not
really the beautiful horse station
it's just
sticks seen any
plays no
mrgan you heard any good
jokes yeah well all right
well you fancy sharing it with
me no
oh you
know I won want to be stuck in the
wilderness with you
Charles I've had more fun well watching
the grass
grow hi please go watch it
you know someday you will warm up to
me
mhm rest up Arthur you need it if you
having a bad day or something no uh I
get it we'll leave you
alone my favorite Red Dead character
honestly there's so many interesting
characters it's hard to really fully
like know which one I really like a lot
the most but Charles is one I really
like a
lot I like Lenny a lot I like Satie a
lot Charles Lenny
sgan not you
pear not Pearson
one night my father was getting a
whooping for the crime of being B by
this horrible bastard when his
sister-in-law the Master's wife walks
in fearing for my father's life she told
her brother-in-law to
stop not only did he not stop he beat
her
too his brother the master and Javier
cuz he's so good at guitar the whole
Plantation
the master gave my father his dead
brother's watch and told him as he did
so time will catch up with us
all yeah is Mexican I think he set them
free and hanged himself the very next
[Music]
night my father gave me that
watch
beautiful big pocket watch it was
and now I gone and lost fle in black
water when I get some spare money I'mma
buy myself another one to honor both my
father and the folks that saved his
life I love that
song don't I have a pocket
watch don't I have a pocket watch I do
have a pocket
watch here I picked up this heard you
talking about losing the one your PW
gave you well that is mighty kind thank
you Arthur oh men
you all right
how many hours sleep we're getting five
yeah sounds about right
I have
lucky that's how it usually works with
you isn't it you're delusional again
won't even look me in the ey but you
look at her all day doesn't matter what
I say they've had this conversation
before fantasy you're currently living
in fantasy you think this is a fantasy
for me I do not have the energy for this
right now oh it's written all over you
I'm not stupid I've been watching oh
that much is painful clear you're
playing a dangerous game will you be
quiet I am trying to read here
Pig there we go
Arthur you going
fishing yes we're running off to coo
Driscoll of course
not I was
joking that's very funny yes very funny
I saved your life and now you tortur me
ho ho shut up do you want to go fishing
with me I I found an interesting spot
will do well I'm not a great fisherman
but I am I'll teach you something we
come sure
sure all right then grab your horse and
let's
go why are our horses kissing come on
now
boy okay follow me I know a great little
fishing spot along the
beach aan gold again he's not that
bad wasn't that long ago I was tied at
the back of your horse course we begging
for mercy now we're all fishing together
H how do you know I ain't just looking
for a good place to drown you because I
saved your life Arthur H you keep saying
that but I save your life every day I
don't kill you so we are more than even
on that front come on you don't mean
that you better believe I mean it and
where's this spot uh not much further
oh hey
boy this is the place some beautiful
Smallmouth here here F
sure this strip of shore looks
perfect pick a
spot seeing lots of Blue Gill and
bass we're here bait with worms or
crickets if you got them otherwise maybe
some bread or
cheese you get him any bites there old
Driscoll I ain't an old Driscoll I told
you Fell's a 100 times I'd only been
with him a couple of months was just a
runner helping out with the horses
mainly Bottom Rung of the ladder and to
think that was the high point of your
career com goes through men like cigars
they ain't like you folks you barely
knew my name I'm more Kieran vanderlin
than Kieran O'Driscoll at this point
honest to God mostly I'm I'm Kieran
Duffy I hate to break it to you but I
ain't sure here and vanderland is going
to
stick there you
go not too fast you can break the
line nice good cat bch
Arthur now see if you can hook
another are you giving up on me
already
no
this so you think Dutch trusts me
now that's a good one what not in the
slightest my friend I can't win I
promise loyalty he says but you wasn't
loyal to co if I say I ain't got no
allegiance to nobody he says how do I
know you won't turn on us then
I don't know what you want to hear I'm
trying hard to feel sorry for you but
somehow I I just can't manage
to what in the world Arthur are you
seeing this a fe's naked as a jbird is
that why you like this spot my Lord
there's somebody who needs to go to
confession huh hey watch the line oh hey
I nearly DED down a
minnow sorry fellas didn't see you there
why don't you take a break come on in
the water's
wonderful you here for some fishing you
haven't scared them all away have
you oh just so you fellas know there's
some real big ones over that way like
this what
well I better keep the blood pumping
hope you jents catch
something yeah maybe we'll take a look
thanks I know where that is but come on
let's
go
okay come on let's go hey wait up what
for F-150 the guy I'm supposed to stop
killing innocent human beings
apparently it's very unfortunate but no
not you Siri okay
nope I I think this is the place that
naked fell was talking
[Music]
about you see that amazing bluegill sure
that got you real excited
huh come on Arthur let's walk down to
the
[Music]
beach hope we land this monster
uhuh it ain't easy to catch a fish like
that with bread and cheese but uh you
never
know we might get lucky guess we'll
see so who taught you how to fish my py
mostly I lost my mamy and py when I was
young to ca your mamy like I said I was
real young after that I was on my own
pretty much but I knew horses and
fishing
well just think now you'll never be
alone
again for
[Music]
this [__]
sucks this is just like real fishing
[Music]
insane fishy my bug
you got that is got to be the one right
it might be just putting up on hell of a
fight
[Applause]
not bad but uh it ain't the one we saw
jump out of the
water all right let's lock in then dude
[Music]
I don't right look at this I don't write
tabs for any of my music so I don't I
don't know what they are I just can play
them life ain't so
bad least you ain't tied to a tree I'm
still a prisoner Arthur I can't step
outside Camp by myself for a second
without being terrified one of com's
boys going to come pick me up when I'm
in Camp I got Bill and sad whispering in
my ear all the time how they're going to
kill me in my sleep like living in a
nightmare
Christ I known you were going to moan
this much i' never have said yes to
this I don't have a chance in hell with
my bait I'm going to going to head back
to Camp to see if I can find something
better you keep trying though okay make
sure you go straight back
there I'm just sitting here with my
fishing
the fish Ling
w
I wonder if he can get struck by
lightning
That's my
[Music]
boy how you doing boy
you're a good boy hold up
I don't want my horse to get
[Music]
[Applause]
old whoa easy
you did good
Valentine told you it'd be a good
score yep you were
right
Susan hi Mr Morgan
same way we end up anywhere by Annoying
the wrong people no I mean us
this
situation
look I know I ain't acting right to you
and the
boy I can't make you want something you
don't like
that I think that's simple not this life
I know
anyway hello
Arthur hi
Dutch oh
hi
cowpoke m
hello
sir you okay thanks again for coming
fishing with me we should do that again
sometime
hey Morgan I'll get on those DS good
good they better be
[Music]
days
I got to sell that Emerald
lady hi
Arthur the reader
I guess that I am just some tired old
Yankee dreamer in a world I no longer
understand that's so I am starting to
think
so I am starting to fear
so
okay there he is you joining us here
Arthur
when are you going to get your act
together I'm just minding my own
business
here hey what are you working on fire
arrows
interesting you give me a bottle of
moonshine and I'll make you some
Moonshine Whiskey do no has to be
Moonshine Whiskey isin't strong enough
okay thank
you my pleasure
got that moonshine for you okay thanks
I'll make some arrows for you later
sounds
good hey don't call him that his name is
Arthur all right let's do the
[__] that's good good
boy I might stop in to pay the Valentine
Bounty it's not too
much hey there Jack
hi Arthur look everything's going to be
all right I
know I
know there boy saying this as my horse
is having like a panic
attack it's
Cicero we're we're bringing back old old
stream lore at this point
those twins who bought the horses were
strange huh real strange and they don't
like Cubans there better be some real
money at the end of all
this Javier mentioned racist and my
horse got upset
I like the double barrel
shotgun that week where I played
halflife three
times technically it was I played
halflife one and two just by myself with
Baddie and then I played halflife 1 and
two Google translate version on stream
and then I also played uh chapters
halflife 2 chapters one and two that
whole
week it was just a halflife celebration
week yeah I love halflife so much we
should do it again I'm not opposed to it
I can literally just play halflife over
and over and over again it does not
bother me
maybe we'll do like not exactly
a a speed run but just fast play
through accident hey
Mis you need to get
lost hey Fellers I have a meeting with
Mrs braith weight my associates are
already here all right that's enough
move along
[Music]
now hey there partner howdy part
man hello there
Mis let me L her in front of
you oh please come in
sir place is a little toer fancy for him
sir a gentleman to see you ma'am so your
friend the other liquor vendor hello
hello ma'am Arthur welcome we were just
playing cribbage Arthur Morgan Mrs
Katherine braithway nice to see you
again apparently so this one he is big
and as dumb as he looks well he's surely
big but his intelligence is a matter of
some conjecture some say he is as dumb
as he looks but I think well he's not
quite that dumb so these are the boys
going to caliga Hall yes we can take
care of that for you but one hates to be
coarse there is the question of
money oh we've got money Mr Matthews
paper bonds metal she ain't going to pay
you in a certified check you yanky numb
skull ain't child birth just the most
beautiful Miracle seems a lady canver
with monkeys after
all hop on I'll fill you in on the way
no I'm
driving fine oh
wait what were you
saying okay how good night
B I'll be here
get so good sleep bad's bad's bad's sick
right
now it needs it needs everyone's healing
powers uh bug if you wanted to come into
the stream call cuz it's just open you
could if you wanted to if not it's not a
big
deal BR doing it cuz we need we need to
keep Eternal
VC I was going to I was going to I was
going to leave call I was like I'm
really scared that there's not going to
be enough like people for Eternal VC to
go on day 11 or whatever the [__] it
is you could say hi to stream if you
wish everyone $300 to battery right now
I'm about to do that end of this week or
some [__]
yeah B's pronouns are it
bad sometime today it' be nice Morgan
all right let's get this over with I I
don't like you s in there took
everything I had that son of horse I'll
shove that silver spoon down his Thro
and Pull It clean out of his ass a smoke
[__] okay
so what she got us doing at the Graze
place she wants us to torture tobacco
Fields said they ain't had rain in weeks
round here
what using that back there moonshine
Horn's faster than kerosene that stuff
said it' be fitting she did not I
thinking as hell about I fitting my boot
up your hook now just noty out
[__] Jose really picked the right fell
for tea in the manor didn't he du he was
giv his usual flon one of these families
got G stash somewhere he reckons I mean
I'm off for sticking it to Rich folks I
hate Rich folks they really bu some
bloody money at the end of all this Jose
knows what he's doing does he though the
master finagler of nothing easy easy so
far we've destroyed the break weight
still all talk
isn't which I'm very much looking
forward to by the way they was saying
old man gra double security after that
business at the saloon we just robbed
their horses too that was you Jesus so
we're just going to drive on in there is
that it don't worry I got a plan wagons
go in and out of there all the time with
supplies equipment payroll especially
now they're taking on all that extra
muscle we're making a delivery that's
all just leave it to me I can talk a dog
off a meat wagon
all right
then Hey where's my
horse well VC won't let me oh man wait a
minute permiss is it doing the problem
again oh it is probably doing the
problem
again or is it
where are
you oh I see hold
on or do I oh
yes
[__] uh okay you you should be able to
now [__] Discord permissions is so
like
also yeah injury reserve
[Music]
great easy easy
are you going to block the way
here
[Music]
okay I'm pretty sure everyone here buck
with J hold up a second are you not
worried about them gray English excuse
me you not worried about them Grays in
what sense well they knows you yeah
maybe you're
right you know what here I'll go hideing
back if you can Act Naturally and stop
us from getting into a fight before
we're ready I will try yes try and do an
impression of a human being I'm not
going to go that far
my gun might be sticking
[Music]
out we here stay out of sight I'll do
with
talk hold it right there
what you want boy I've I've there was a
thing a thing at the saloon what you
talking about well I'm delivering the
supplies you're not the usual driver he
you want a bottle friend
here have a we
drop I'm new I mean you know har I I
come from Dall in Ireland you don't say
yeah they said you'd understand some
kind of incident at the saloon in town I
was told to bring this up here ask no
questions I'll tell you no lies sort of
business
eh before the officials got there they
said okay drive this way I'll show you
how to get there oh thank you friend uh
have a drink Sean
haish good to meet you
HH fine Bit of Country you've got here
I'm not as fine as Kor ARA but fine
nonetheless my people come from Scot is
that right and you and I are nearly
Brothers
just over here yeah it's straight down
the path here it's getting so I can
barely keep track of all these
deliveries coming in yeah and they said
they was looking for more drivers in
town I jumped at the chance I never been
a fell to kick a bit of honest walk out
of
bed so you folks been having a hard time
of it have you yeah Mr Gray's got a heap
of problems right now with another
family around here bunch of covetous
lowd Downs trying to sabotage his life
family Hood disgusting oh dear oh dear
I'm sorry to hear that heish sounds like
you definitely deserve that
drink you don't know to happen just in
there he
Reacher you can unload it here in
here the horse was like a a Swift one do
they
excuse me um nothing it's
Grand quite a place you boys have got
here reminds me one of them big houses
there out in D call real fancy places
they was he is real fancy because of
some folks got all the money they can
build fanciest places imaginable
well the average man sus on [__] yeah
yeah yeah okay
yeah come on Arthur what are you playing
at I was enjoying the monologue I'm glad
I'm not your brother where let's get on
with this I'm not the one who was
Doling okay we can hold up in here till
it gets dark
okay
by how you getting on good here to got
these things ready
okay there's plenty of guards out there
here's how I feel we should deal with
things you head over to the dry Barn
sure and you I'm going to deal with the
fields the
eles we coat everything in moonshine and
then we light things up with these
little fellas here thankfully it ain't
rained and that old barn over there
should go up like a torch how many of
these boys you think you need it should
do
it let's head out the
back look once they get wind of us
there'll be no turning back so move
quickly of course I'm Rebel stock boy I
was bar burning down am of houses we
burn
quietly quiet there's someone coming on
the
left oh hey I I thought the wagon
already arrived this one didn't range so
what you got there tools payroll okay
drop it by the supply shed at the back
of the fields sure see you later you
hear that payro yeah let's get this job
done first
okay we'll take care of this fell
on you D the fields I'll meet you at the
bar goty to stay out of
trouble that should do it
[Music]
all right
[Applause]
[Music]
next why does this sound like that one
swan song off of to be kind
something Avenue Blues I don't remember
this specific
[Music]
number that's
good is it 32nd Avenue Blues I don't
remember
bye hey
that
what come on now 93rd Avenue please
thank
you all right kill again there's someone
called woman on the
left huh oh hey I I thought the wagon
already arrived this one didn't strange
so what you got there tools payroll okay
drop it by the supply shed at the back
of the fields sure see you later you
hear that P yeah let's get this job done
first
okay I'll take care of this
[Music]
fell meet me at the barn when you're
done showing them Fields up good all
right keep your head down
all right
next should be enough for here
that's good for here
[Music]
[Applause]
that should do it
[Music]
I really love this music because of how
much it reminds me of that
song cuz I really like that song
[Music]
is
I'm going to Del this
[Music]
too think you go after light her up
I'll give you
four now let's go L yourselves a f cigar
you ain't leaving here make your peace
you're dead we'll hold this L off you
get those pu go I got the r
in somebody sh him
already from
this all right now we got company look
out
stay with
me come on
this is bloody
man see be taking it well this is a
goddamn
mess
look there goes out right out of
here the wag we saw come in earlier he
can Nick the horses from
that all right where is it this way more
God womaning in
you I kill you B got a head
let's
go look out here come more of
them
down you're going to Right Way
St this
way it
they didn't tell you
that be an army of them they didn't tell
me
[Music]
nothing me SH
now Jose better get us paid real well
for this bloody right
can't wait to kill
[Music]
you no way out of
here this is what it's all about oh
where you having fun come
[Music]
on see there it is maybe they haven't
unloaded our cash
yet all right come on we'll take those
hor we let see if the payroll is
actually in there hurry
[Music]
up we did good Mar we did good great but
let's
go look at here you get them horses free
marker come on
[Music]
okay let's get the hell out of here fast
you follow
[Music]
me more man overhead
that's a good
girl got
me here
goes train out the front
[Music]
gate you're good
girl come on
Jesus that turn into a el party you call
that a party that RightWay H got a m wor
Dar let's just get out of here
first yeah
[Music]
I think we lost
them that we did quite a night sure
interesting little fight Dutch has put
us into the middle of here h I hope him
and Jose are right and that there's some
money at the end of it well what
now head on back to Camp you
coming sure
[Music]
here we are home sweet
home can you let Hosea know how we got
on
horse
yes that is not my
horse you okay boy
well I think I'm going to turn
in thanks again for that watch off I
left something for you by your bed a you
didn't have to do that oh sure I did
good work on that bank job loved every
minute there'll be plenty more where
that came
from why is M the next thing
feel
there we
do all good you know
me hi
there
hello how how are
you I've been better all right
hello
paty PTY oh Drisco
bar where is the uh
there we
go for
[__] keep [__] pressing the wrong
thing
he Mary
Spice Girls in the
CP so sick chicken soup
is that all the Practical upgrades right
now says Camp has Z Now fascinating
M blessed are the peacemakers for they
shall be called hey Molly where's Dutch
well however it goes I'm not sure all
that line of thought serves you and me
very well that's because cowpoke you are
a man of profoundly limited intelligence
no doubt well you and the old man and
Dutch have been running around digging
us ever deeper into [__] old Mr Pearson
might have gone and lighten the load a
little bearon ain't you curious I guess
gentlemen Dutch you tell him fat man
it's peace Dutch the adisal I mean I
think there's a way what on Earth are
you talking about get the words out
properly fat man I met a couple of the
adisco boys on the road in the town
things were about to get ugly but you
know how I am in a fight huh like a
corner
tiger anyway somehow it didn't but we
got the talking and they suggested a
parlay to things like gentlemen
gentlemen com old
risk have you lost your mind they're
always telling us Dutch do what has to
be done but don't fight Wars ain't worth
fighting they want a
parley it's a trap well of course it's
probably a trap but what do we got to
lose finding out get shot we ain't
getting shot because you'll be
protecting us
it's a trap you shoot the lot of them if
it ain't a trap that's slim chance I
don't see the point in any of this it's
a
chance got to take
it I killed col's
brother long time
ago then he
killed a woman I love
dear h
as you say it's a long time ago Dutch
you let's go you and me with Arthur
protecting us no one else what about me
this ain't the time for Tigers my
friend well
damn this going to be a big one here
with
thing
puppy fine Mount up then Morgan let's go
then this is obviously a trap
you know I've been fighting com for so
long now I can barely remember a time
when it was different
[Music]
you're still fighting him now make no
mistake of that here he goes doubting
Thomas is there any plan you ain't s on
well maybe you're right just nervous
let's not waste any more lives
needlessly I ain't call costing lives
here I'm saving them what did you say we
had Pinkerton coming after us because of
Blackwater and Leviticus Cornwall and
his private Army then who knows when
this local hillbilly thing will come to
a head H can we really afford to be
fighting on all these fronts and
O'Driscoll there is wisdom in that I
hope so gentlemen but like I said of ner
look you ain't even going to be the one
in danger we'll get on over there find a
nice perch for you to settle into you
got that rifle don't you yeah
yeah then me and Dutch walk right in to
the Lion's Dan with you to cover
us okay just keep calm unless I'll give
you a reason not to oh we'll be fine we
got you I will do my best oh my dear
entrusted friend with you watching over
me I would walk into hell
itself as would
I there's a lot of trust to place into
one person against like a
gang I
hey up there men on the ridge oh
driscolls from the look of them I don't
like having eyes on us we're close
you'll be the eyes soon
enough maybe he's right Dutch maybe I
have pushed too hard got us into
situations that could have been safer I
just
I see all those mouths we got to feed
and I I dream too big caring too
much that's my problem caring too much
there's no such thing this is hor [__]
from both of you it might
be Micah might be full of
[__] comod Driscoll might be full of
[__] the promise
of this great nation Man created equal
liberty and justice for
all that might be nonsense too but it's
worth trying
for it is worth believeing
in can't you see that
friend I don't know
try all I ask is you try
[Music]
all right cow pooke you're going to peel
off up ahead we'll be meeting down on
the plane find a spot just above us
where you can keep an eye on things all
right all
right however this shake out let's a to
meet back at the fork in the road
afterwards we'll be there
partner this is probably going to
suck
yeah well I mean if it gets Micah killed
that would be great
[Music]
though
[Applause]
easy yeah you all right there boy
you okay
boy easy whoo
[Music]
w
hello
Dutch it's been a
while sure so uh how's your gang doing
they still believing in you better World
pure World H how's that comeing along
just
fine how's that score you stole off us
which one
[Laughter]
oh I like that it's like I said this a
charismatic
leader lot of heat on us this time both
of us whole heat the trouble they
offered me a price studge to bring you
in why didn't you take it well still
might I
am sorry about your brother
yeah well I never liked him much
I liked
Annabelle you always love the ladies
Dutch
vanderlin I like that about
you what are we doing here com is this
thing
over yeah I knew that was going to
happen hello
sugar you ain't dead is
you not
[Music]
get for it I don't know column's got a
sense handing them over to the Lots I
don't know strange times they killed
Sheamus [__] the whole lot of them with
this fella C right we can draw them all
back true where he's escaping shoot him
relax relax I got him I got him did I
kill
you not yet no of course not not yet but
I
will
eh still alive
[Music]
finally put his weapons over there
Arthur
Morgan it's good to see
you hello
co how's w
I hardly feel it you
will septic a ass now tell
me fine gun like you why you still
running around with Old Dutch could come
ride with me and make real money it
ain't about the money Co no
no Dutch's famous
car you kill a whole bunch of my boys
six point C I ain't got no clue what
you're talking about oh you lie my
friend and ith thought Dutch preach
truth let me go c and end all this crap
between you twoo we all got real
problems now the way I see it they get
him they forget about me they ain't the
forgetting
sword if I were
you I'd run as soon as I
had a I know you
would but see we Ln angry Dutch in to
rescue you grab all of you and hand you
in then disappear so you only met with
him to grab me of course he going to be
so mad he going to come raging over here
there's a whole lot of you and lot I'll
be waiting for
him
Arthur Arthur I missed
you damn this is like what my parents
did to to like get to school every day I
remember they're telling me
go a
that's quite
[Music]
lovely ah
shoot your
ho I don't want to go to Mexico I want
to go home
home hold on I'll be back in a
minute what the
[Music]
hell what she still doing down there
it's one thing torturing a man it's
another thing putting him through
stories of the Homeland you better hurry
it uh I don't want to be here when the
law comes for that side of beef
[Music]
Morgan's out don't let him
get how did that not hit yourself
boy I'm going to put a window in your
skull get closer where you going to go
[Music]
now I'm so [__]
where you keep your
valuable time when I'm
looting so true
what's he still doing down there it's
one thing torturing a man it's another
thing putting him through stories of the
Homeland you better hurry it
up I don't want to be here when the law
comes for that side of beef
[Music]
h
[Applause]
come on boy get me home
well now
[Music]
Arthur
Arthur I told you it was a sub touch oh
my boy my dear boy what they got me but
I got away yeah yeah you did Miss
Grimshaw I need help Reverend Swanson
he's going to set the law on Earth no of
course he was I'm sorry Arthur it is a
bit late for apologies Swanson Mr Morgan
Mr Morgan you're safe now let's get him
to
bed you are safe now
Arthur
okay I got you you're safe now that's
pretty
do that's real pretty Miss
Grimshaw will you sit with him a while
of
course you'll be okay Mr
Morgan you're home
[Music]
that's a
dog I know this
[Music]
dog I thought I'd be burying you Mr
Morgan
well not quite yet
River good how you feeling that
hair about the same as
you I'm sorry to hear
that
well take care of
yourself you too
can we fix this hair please
bu nothing about
re to carve a country for man's desire
and not some oldw World
Juju wasn't that a beautiful Fantasia
Arthur you say so Dutch
where's my
dog I want my dog
it's going to sneeze then I
didn't
puppy my puppy
I don't move
oh my
God he's out here
now morning
Arthur okay
where's my
hat my [__]
hat everything
sucks yeah you're a strong one boy
yep
there we
go what's going on here
anyone mo i a go blink before I shoot
you hurry up in there let's get out of
here before the Cavalry comes wagons
loaded move out
man alive if anyone comes after us
they'll be met with a short and nasty
end I swear it don't try best move along
this here's a complex Affair yeah ra the
multitude believe us
holy
H
yeah okay there
boy you're all right just passing
through
[Music]
so up
now
yeah it's all right there gone
now can't do nothing about
that that's my boy finally Forks once
more cuz I don't
I don't I don't care about people
getting robbed that's
why how you doing
boy you're looking real nice today Bill
shut
up we've been waiting for you Arthur
well well I'm sorry to have kept you
come on let's get going they spoke to
Bill about a job needing security after
the far is stealing the horses for them
why are we doing this cuz we need to
stay in with them and they're paying so
what kind of security they want we're
about to find out now come on this
seemed legit to you Bill sure Dutch said
we was to keep on dealing with them
until we find this gold can we trust
them can we trust anyone yeah let's just
see what they say
they said there was some big
misunderstanding about them horses and
what about boring their fields they
don't know we had anything to do with
that Ah that's so yeah they think it was
the braith Ws listen I know these great
boys a bit now this is on the
level we're stuck in the middle of some
ancient Feud but instead of playing both
sides we're being used by both of them
they were saying the Catherine braithway
hey hold up this don't feel right now it
don't feel right I could have told
you
[Music]
wow oh farewell
care you shot me you bastard
you I'm
fine a
son you idiot
dead of course he's
dead how could you not think this was a
trap you sure you want to talk about
this now Morgan the hell
hi bug you just missed it Sean's dead
finish
[Music]
him power in the
guns I'll get the front you take the
back
none of these guys going [__] out of
here
[__] real heavy over here
fellas put a in that F God damn it
Morgan I'm getting hammered here no want
to cross me do you I'm going
to bastard we need to get into this
store
Morgan you're a godam bunch of colors
hurry Arthur we need to get in there
come on Arthur find a way in
there come on Morgan get in there
now for hell's sake check the back come
on you're getting sloppy
Morgan you see that window and Sean's
skull don't talk to me about slappy
better in here not there they're in the
G all of
you into those sons of [__] I walk
again you sure about
that get man walking so yeah I'm
thinking the Graze might be on to us
after all now it's sinking
in so much for Lo what damn Loop we
ain't getting out of this with nothing
that's assuming we even get out of it
of course we're getting out of there
this is you and me Morgan we always get
the job done you all this getting the
job done she feel
anywhere no
[Music]
[__] stand this is some damn
posing he's rounded up we'd have had to
deal with these sons of [__] sooner
or later just turned out to be
[Music]
sooner now you're going to pay is this
the best you fools got I'll kill this
whole town if I have to you bra must be
even dumber than we played you boys like
a
f let's push up on them now boys kill
you
get this
a see that those cowards running away
looks like most of them not all of them
Sheriff gray and what about Bill where
the hell's he we'll find him later come
on Sheriff
gray you need to get a hold on this town
it's going to hell who do you think you
are big THS from God knows where you so
T to think we know what you've been
doing come out Sheriff it's
over we put down far worse than you 100
times over this is the Graze town
always has been always will be only
Grace I see left around here is
[Music]
you you want us to come out we'll come
out C A bill guns on the ground now both
of you don't do it you know we can't do
that you put the gun down Sheriff I'll
blow his brains out you want to join
your little friend there do you either
either way you're a dead man
[Music]
Morgan I had no dead eye or
something I love how it's clear it's
just like Sean's allowed to die mic
can't mic
can't bill can't you want us to come out
but
can die Bill guns on the ground now both
of you don't do it you know we can't do
that you put the gun down Chef I'll blow
his brains out you want to join your
little friend there do you either way
you're a dead man
Morgan [__]
he was a good kid well how the hell was
I to know let me see they set us up once
before they didn't lack us we destroyed
their Farm should I go on go easy on him
Morgan he was out trying to find a lead
same as you same as Hosea all you do is
complain when things don't work out
except when it's your goddamn fault you
don't know what you're talking about you
don't give a damn about nobody but
yourself oh you act so high and mighty
but you're no better than the rest of us
I ridden with you Boys close on what 6
months now and all you ever done was
complain and you can fight but you can't
think you can't do either okay cowpoke B
take the boys's body hurry him proper
someplace quiet M best you and I don't
speak for a
moment I'm just so frightened by you get
out of my sight pair of
fools M's like beyond crazy and we known
this in the start since the start but
like
[__] so dumb [__] who's like an annoying
little brother to
me what fun we had riding
together what a godamn mess we are
making a
things well that was something
poor
Sean right
there he didn't suck the same way
[__] M good does he sucked but like
not enough to like you're a good boy
it's so interesting earlier cuz earlier
in the game
Arthur Morgan was
like fine with cutting him loose in uh
in
blackwat and now he's like sad about him
actually like you know being dead I
think that's
interesting a lot of people have just
like conflicting agendas in this
game which is
normal that's just a normal way
[Applause]
relax Arthur have you seen that boy Jack
no where's my godamn son where is he
where's my son they took him didn't they
they took my son who took him we think
the braith weight woman took him but
Kieran saw a couple of fellas sound like
braith weight boys where's my son if
anything where is my son Dutch vanderin
we will find him we will bring him back
to you and we will kill any fool that
had the tarity to touch one hair on that
boy's head Abigail you have my word just
get me back my son I will get that boy
back so help me God right now Dutch we
just heard about Jack you need some
extra guns yeah why not Micah kieren
anyone strange turns up you kill rest of
you let's
ride inist enlist enlist
en yeah let's [__] do
this they must have figured out what we
to this the biggest C we just got shot
to Hell by the gra in town I know I
heard about sh too I don't want to even
think about that right now we have to
focus on
Jack I swear I'll kill everyone there
easy John try to stay calm I'm fine how
the hell did they get to him I don't
know but we are getting him back and
they will pay I promise you that
what about the gold who gives it hey you
you know it's all about the game you
know it's all about the game you
[Music]
[Applause]
know it's all about that goddamn game
D about to go they got checked I hate to
break it to but I don't think there is
any gold but if there is it's hidden
somewhere no one knows what I've turned
every stone Christ sake Hosea after all
that another perfect scale they
underestimated them no they
underestimated us enough talk there is
no point arguing how we got here this is
where we are and we are going to fix it
so come
on yeah yeah yeah let's [__]
go okay get your heads right nobody
makes a move until I say
[Music]
so look at this formation look how
beautiful this form
this let's let's make sure we got
everything we like I like the uh D
barrel
shotgun
and where's the there's a b
there do this one [__] it dynamite and
this
one yeah we're good
[Music]
all right everyone Dismount and come to
me we'll go in on foot from
here we love war first Sean now
Jack we should have stayed out of all of
this bit late for that ain't it quiet
we're going to fix
this right now like they don't know
we're
coming come on let's get this done John
you sure you're okay like I said I'm
fine Follow My Lead both these redneck
families think they can ruin us I don't
think
so there they are who steals a goddamn
boy I'm going to let fly at those sons
of [__] Don I need you to stay calm
this is [__] crazy dude you in
trash what the hell [__]
CA easy
John we've come for the
boy you must have known we would you
shouldn't have messed with our business
now should
you whatever complaint you have with us
alleged
or
otherwise that is a young
boy that is not the way you do
things hand him over get the hell off
our
[Music]
land if you ain't going to be SI
civilized about
[Music]
this
that let's
go watch those
balconies get
me this is only going to end with
you up here
[Music]
coverless behind the
pill hold them back
[Music]
Arthur John Hosea with me the rest of
you watch out here for any other
[Music]
arrivals this the shotty yeah the sh get
in there find Jack and find that bra
weight
woman Jack you in here Jack can you hear
me
Jack oh
[__] get [__] get
[__] where's that
[__] get up here
and this must be where they hold
up there's something pushed up against
it are you in there Arthur hurry UPN
[__] John Arthur we'll hold him down
here we got more coming in Arthur get
out of there we got this door
covered come
on that
hold up can we no we can't
[Music]
out we're coming
from
of are you going to help me out here
I how you are do you a goddamn
child now
[Music]
on this
accuracy looks like they're
running now let's find a way into that
room
come on this must be it what are you
doing go around and help John ow can't
see a goddamn
thing what two
[Applause]
three
h oh yeah oh yeah
oh
[Music]
yeah you want me to kill you too old
woman you bastards where's the
boy we have lived in this house for 120
years we never had no problem SE for
where is the boy who took him you killed
my son oh and I will surely kill the
rest of them unless you start talking oh
I know your T common
scum where is the boy you
filth all right we get her out of here
what about
damn dude this is your fault stop crying
let's get this hag outside any more of
her sons to deal with no Rick in there
all
dead that's right burn this dog to the
ground you boy short Jack a in here we
searched everywhere
[Music]
D you got that one
arer guess that the end of the goddamn
cribbage game
[Music]
here put me down you j
y there you go
I never liked you why'd you take the boy
Mrs briway you stole my boys are off
limits you stole my horses ain't no
rules in war Mister Matthews yes yes
that's it where's the
boy my sons gave him to Angelo Brony so
my guess is
sonon either there or on my boat to
Italy let's go Arthur come on what are
we doing with her leave her I told you
she was
[Music]
[Applause]
crazy oh she loves
property she loves
property like so dramatic like I'm going
to die with the house piece of [__] it's
like [__] wood and like Stone relax
it's going to work out John it's going
to work out listen to Dutch I don't
expect you to understand this but I have
never been more proud of you than I am
right now brother you're doing the right
thing if I don't get that boy back safe
I'm she she'll kill us all I know but
looking at this logically well that boy
is fine they took him to scare us nobody
takes a boy to harm him he's right John
what do you think Arthur the boy will be
fine but of course Maron scared rotten
we we killed all those Dage is awesome
we stirred up all that trouble for
nothing no no not for
nothing for
living now we get that boy back and we
go trust me hey Dutch we got a problem
not a problem visitors a solution
good day fine people Mr vanderland Mr
Matthews I presume and who are you Rip
Van Winkle huh good day sir agent Milton
Pinkerton detective agency agent Ross ah
Mr Morgan nice to see you again and to
what do we owe the pleasure agent [__]
I don't know if you're aware but this
this is a civilized land and now we
didn't kill all them Savages only to
allow the likes of you to act like human
dignity and basic decency was outmoded
or not yet invented this thing it's done
this
place ain't no such thing as
civilized it's man so in love with greed
he has forgotten himself and found only
appetites and as a consequence that lets
you take what you please kill whom you
please and hang the rest of us who made
you the Messiah to these lost souls
you've LED so horribly astray I'm
nothing but a Seeker Mr Milton you ain't
much of anything more than a killer Mr
vanderland but I came to make a deal
it's time you come with me and I give
the rest of you 3 days to run off
disappear and go and live like human
beings someplace El you came for me risk
life and limb in this Dan of low lives
and murderers so that they might live in
love ain't that
fine I don't want to kill all these folk
Dutch just
you in that case it'll be my honor to
join you excuse me
friends I have an appointment to keep
with I think your new friend should
leave now Dutch you're making a big
mistake all of
you yeah Dreadful we have got something
something to live and die for how awful
for us Mr Milton stop following us we'll
be gone soon I'm afraid I can't and when
I return I'll be with 50 men all of you
will die run away from this place you
fools Run come on get your damn hands
off of me
boy why don't they just like kill them
right now now we get out of here why
don't we just kill them right now any
ideas I know a big old house hidden in
the swamps outside sandon I'm sure
they'll find us eventually but it should
buy us a few days days few days is all
we need there's a spot out by Shady Bell
Lenny and I got into that dispute with
the previous occupiers place is well
hidden you and Arthur right out to make
sure no one else has moved in Lenny you
go follow those fools out of here make
sure that they leave and John we'll get
Jack back and we'll get going rest of
you get
packing come on John this is crazy we'll
get packed up like it's just two guys
they were
surrounded follow me I know the
way
go it's going to be all right John we
should be going for Jack we will we have
to move everyone first before that
bastard milon comes back with an army we
ain't no use to Jack in jail we're at
the end of a rope I don't even know what
to think no more just got to keep our
cool be smart about this smart are you
joking almost there we made too much
noise once again we drew right to us I
mean how many people we killed the past
few weeks far too many it's dutch
playing his games Hosea too getting
involved with those two families
Master con men working their magic they
thought there was a lot of gold yeah
they thought there was money ain't there
always look Maron I don't know what to
tell you things don't always work out
that ain't nothing new Jack's gone we
lost sea Mack Davey Jenny and for what
we can't change What's Done can only
move on but one day we need to start
learning from our mistak face come on it
ain't all bad we've had a Rocky Run
we'll be okay we'll get through it Dutch
will fix it Dutch will come up with a
big plan right now every plan gets us
into the worst trouble we're getting
further from where we're meant to be
going now you can't put all this on
Dutch you're worked up rightly so just
don't get too far in your head with all
this never get out it's a goddamn mess
that poor kid we chose this life he
didn't I don't know I think this life
chose us you me oh a thug life that
right Dutch Hosea it's been a long time
now all right should be just down this
path to the left here what was you
drawing about before sure has lot's
changed sometimes wonder if things was
ever the way way we remembered them if
we were ever who we thought we was like
I told you don't go down a rabbit hole
with this Maron that won't help nothing
that's it up ahead four walls and a roof
we're moving up in the world you ain't
seen inside it yet come on sooner we get
this done the better you sure this place
is empty I ain't sure on nothing all
right let's leave the horses here and
take a look
you said leave the horses here you going
to go in
there oh [__] it's them again boys get
ready still some here I can see that
any more you upstairs I'm coming for you
you hear
me where are you creep H come out where
I come on oh I'm going to be real happy
to shut you up
yeah
yeah you ain't going to survive the
Raiders you hear me
I knew you'd come soon
enough you are some of the coward like
you sorry how's it looking up there I
think we're clear good come help me with
this will you it's a little messy sorry
yeah I'll take the
bourbon here give me AE moving these
bodies don't want the others walking
into
this follow me
all right this way we'll dump the bodies
in the swamp over
[Music]
there okay I can deal with the rest of
the bodies you going meet up with the
car van gu in a me all right see you
soon pick up another body from the house
I don't know if we have to do all of
them if we do have to do all of them I'm
going to start one
upstairs the two of them
upstairs is this body game body dummy
gameplay okay
[Music]
all
right no
get a jog
in get some
cardio because Arthur Morgan doesn't get
enough of that
clearly that was a snake
[Music]
hungry
Gator welcome home all you to uh my
humble [__] we got fine living nor the
corpses and the alligators it's Paradise
I love it Miss Grimshaw Mr Pearson would
you too kindly work your
magic arthon take a ride with me
sure come on George yes could I have a
word with you not
now come on
Arthur can you believe that girl all
I've got going on and she wants to
talk everything okay with you two I got
far more important things to worry about
right now than Molly
OA so where are we going to take a look
at this Eighth Wonder of the Civilized
world sandane I keep hearing about
according to the map the road up this
way should lead us right in there all
right I guess this day ain't over yet
not quite good work back there Arthur
everything went okay few loose ends
that's a major
and John about what you'd expect he's
taking it hard we are going to get that
boy back whatever it takes I need you to
start asking around in the city for
Bronte subtly of course public places
maybe start with the saloons anyone who
can put us in contact with him of course
what about the Pinkerton I'm fairly sure
nobody followed us we moved out fast we
should be safe for a few days here and
then I think we need to move a little
further put some Ocean between us and
all of this the mess with those two
families losing
sea I see things differently now for a
long time I
TR believed a paradise lay somewhere in
the West for us but I just don't know
anymore so we're leav leaving the
country now
maybe I'm still thinking about
it whatever we do we'll need more money
in any case we have more pressing
matters to attend to First
whoa okay there she is a real City the
future big cities there always
repellent
exactly I'll find you in there go see
what you can figure
out
yes it really is just like that though
isn't
[Music]
it the big sippy
new horse is available to purchase don't
say that [__] to me
has anyone seen
Gavin I'm in
shock I I'm looking for Gavin he's my
best friend
he left me I lost him I mean I lost
him someone must have seen an
Englishman really funny he is hello sir
hey there for the
blind
there anything spind man
good
anyone for a blind
man stick them up
[Laughter]
Cowboy real funny Dutch oh wow I thought
so
so here we are in a Strange Land of
papists and rapists America's very own
Gamora this City's all look the same to
me so how you get on I've been asking
around about Mr Bronte and from what
I've heard this establishment is our
best lead but I haven't had any joy in
there so far so I should just give it a
shot I think so just keep it cool you
know me I'll meet you back here and n
M funny you should say that well you
know how it is I told him I say that's
the state of Le Mo for you America's
dirty little French
secret that's why we love it born and
raised well I'm a transplant but I'm
never leaving not unless we all get
washed
away every year I say excuse me it ain't
happened
yet I'll get you in a second let me tell
you something the rest of the states a
lucky to have us if it wasn't for us
they probably run back to Britain with
the Tails between their legs at the
first sign of Tru you got that
right now how can I help you look like a
whiskey man
sure what you don't dollar please for a
whiskey sure that's the real stuff from
Scot
okay here have one for yourself well
thank
you so M can I ask you a question you
ever hear of a fell by the name of a
Bronte who's asking me I'm asking no
leave it friend what do you mean leave
it look I don't know what business you
in but leave it friend you and your pal
that was in here
[Music]
before
Bronte Angelo Bronte Mr Big M Italian
spaghetti eating long Streaker piss big
he makes my skin quad some SP [__]
sucker you know what I mean friend
where can I find him oh well I reckon
you talk to them kids in the Alle they
know I
get okay oh hey friend you'll be careful
now immigrants they're not to be
trusted
uh is that a young Elon Musk
I salute thee Lego car
man are you morning you never seem to do
any work you ain't my boss what's it to
you
come on now this sulon doesn't become
you you always have to be right don't
you I'm just giving you the correct use
pardon me but have you seen any kids
around this way yeah I think I heard a
few in the other Courtyard up ahead you
can get through on the left
there feel like maybe don't ask that you
done with the silent treatment now no
hey hey you got a cigarette Mister maybe
huh I'm looking for a fellow named
Angelo Bronte Italian I know him
everyone knows him where is he we'll
take you to him but it'll
cost I reckon I can pay $5 where's he
live New York I'm an entrepreneur if you
don't want to pay then I don't want to
walk oh man
B Bri here come on this way let's go
mister you coming
CLE stay close E's to get lost around
here come on then you new to the city
Mister pretty much don't worry no one
knows it as good as me and CLE is that
right hope you won't need his services
but you got the doctor on the corner
there nice enough fella
that's bar and triber on the right there
famous bookstore not that I'm much of a
reader
myself now over here's a real piece of
art that's the Church of the Holy
Blessed Virgin Mister modeled on the
famous Church in too which is in France
you've been to too mister no we're
Catholics here Mister ain't Baptist or
nothing my mama said they used to burn
Protestants and all but uh bet they
don't have nothing so fine where you you
come from Mister look at them fine
Steeples hey hey you little pair of
shits let's go that fell looks angry get
back here
you're making a fool of yourself you
give that
back just give it up farm boy I'll kill
you th
bastard you okay
boy bastard got off a damn street trash
you after that kid that [__] went that
way
thanks for the help friend you know I
kind of miss old Bob Tails where I
bounce around that was absolutely
delicious my dear thank you well after
the snorm in 95 don't you
[Music]
business
call
I hello there we best mind your step
come on keep up you better stop right
now hey
[__] oh
[Music]
bye
Mister hey
big I
[Music]
said come on run like the goats got
loose stop PR just like
halflife I'm being chased by The Village
Idiot stop you
[__] you ain't got a chance in half
slow just give it up kid
[Music]
I'm telling you a cucumber down
roof this is fun
Mister you better stop right
now what's the problem
friend give me my things boy what are
you talking about friend I ain't your
friend but that kid is and he robbed
from me now give me back my stuff and
take me to Angelo Bronte seor Bronte
that kid was going to show me before he
robbed
me
now come
on you new in town
Mister come on Mr Bron's got a lot of
friends Mister but I ain't never seen
you we ain't friends
you don't like no one
mister Mr Bronte he's got fine hair he
got a beautiful house and I am proud to
work for him he got 50 men Mister why he
going to care a thing about you I just
want to speak with him I'm sure you do
Mister you and them friends of yours
been asking about them all over town
keeping Mighty disrespected bunch of
Muddy Yankees in town asking questions
well you and your friend should pay him
a visit Mister he's got a big house on
flavan Street opposite the park hey
Yoko now get out of
here Christ
sakes h that was a whole
ordeal yeah the way he waved was
crazy and my arri feeling better
dog
[Music]
hello dog
that's my good ass
dog okay there boy morning friend watch
yourself there I didn't do
anything good morning
where you been
getting robbed who by bunch of
children I won't inquire anymore but I
found Mr Bronte seems to be some Italian
Mr Big in town everybody knows him but
nobody wants to talk about him
apparently lives in a big house on
flavan Street opposite the Park good
work so what now we go pay him a visit
I'll get John you meet us there whatever
it takes we need to get that boy
back I cannot decide which I like less
the swamps or the
city both are full of parasites reptiles
and
slime we're a long way each to land we
know and far from real Open
Country getac
here
okay I think that is a very good thought
to start cuz that is a we playing a lot
of video game what percentage are we at
for
this 45% damn
well thanks for coming to the St of
everyone and uh remember it's all about
all about what does anybody know what
it's all
[Music]
about what is it all
about it's all about the plan no not
quite
not quite all about the
plan not all about the meds although I
get
it K doesn't want to talk of
Dave Dave and Perry and Bug of course
bug y'all y'all know what it's all about
it's all about
[Music]
[Applause]
you got to remember that you remember
it's all about the game and you know who
makes the game is
you and if you make the game and you
play the game you're unstoppable you
feel
me have a good night morning everyone